❤️═══🎭═══❤️═══🎭═══❤️

⛓️ Beyond Prometheus ⛓️
❤️═══🎭═══❤️═══🎭═══❤️

by Charles Naysmith

⛓️⛓️⛓️⛓️⛓️⛓️⛓️

COMPLETED

MAY 6, 2009

REALEASED

DECEMBER 30, 0001 MC (2025 CE)


⛓️⛓️⛓️⛓️⛓️⛓️⛓️

Chapter 1

It was a smoky night in the cave. It had occurred many times before this night, but it seemed to Saun that no one had realized of the cause of them being driven out of the cave was due to their lack of ability to breathe. After the second time it had occurred, Saun had come to understand that a fire burning within a cave could not co-exist with its inhabitants. He understood it was very cold at the time being and he very much desired warmth, but thought it to be investigated in a much more intelligible way than what was being performed. He had suggested this investigation twice now, without success of actually getting his point across, both because of his lack of articulation and his young age of only 12 winters. He then mechanically stood up, off of his log and began to walk outside of the cave. As exiting the cave side by side with others finding it difficult to breathe, he turned back to the cave and rolled his eyes.

As Saun waited outside of the cave, clear of the smoke, he turned to his closest friend Teek. “I am telling you Teek, it is the fire that is causing these evacuations”, Saun stated while wiggling his fingers as to represent a fire. “You are always full of ideas Saun, instead of complaining, why don’t you just fix it?” Teek attempted to ask Saun while turning his head and flinging his arms up towards Saun. Saun nodded towards Teek in understanding as if he was saying, “I will, just watch me”.

That night Saun fuzzily woke to a very uncomfortable drip landing on his forehead, feeling to him as if every drop was a drum stick blowing over the drum with the echo vibrating directly into his head. Within a minute Saun was able to lift himself up and remove his body of the area affected by the drops. He looked up and noticed the hole above his sleeping spot, about the size of a human torso. The dry leaves that he had previously placed there in order to detour the water must of fallen out of place and now the rain insisted on intruding on his territory.

“The leaves, the leaves must be the answer to the fire”, insisted Saun within his mind. “The leaves can direct the water from one place to the other, I am sure that they can direct the fire as well. Fire is not so different than water is it? Of course it is not. That is what I must do tomorrow; I must direct the fire with the leaves. Of course! I do not understand why the answer did not come to me sooner. The difference between water and fire is that water flows downwards, where as fire flows upwards? Something like that, it must work something like that. I must use the leaves to direct the fire upwards, maybe upwards to this hole would suffice? Either way this hole will enable me to test my theory, as this area is my space and I can do whatever I please with it. Yes it will all be sorted tomorrow. We will be able to have a fire within the cave and not be driven out. I just need to direct the flow of water, I mean fire.” Saun continued to throw abstract ideas around in his head for a few minutes before being forced to sleep by his heavy eyelids.

Saun woke that morning finding his face lying in the puddle that the hole in the roof of the cave had created. He sat up and stretched and let out a large yawn. He suddenly realized his plan from last night and quickly erected his body. Saun walked quickly towards the cave exit. “Hey Saun, whatever you are doing, I am coming with you”, stated Teek firmly. Saun nodded and continued to walk outside of the cave side by side with Teek.

As Saun walked, he ignored any commotion that expelled from Teek’s lips in order to focus his mind on his task at hand. He kept referencing his experience last night. It made so much sense to him at that time, but he was half asleep. In minutes Saun had a foundation for his plan. Even if he could not devise the complete plan at once, at least the main idea behind it would be in motion. He would just have to hope that it would fall into place when the time would come to build his idea. “The Whether?” Saun thought, “The weather is important”. He was relieved to notice that the weather was very comfortable, in direct contradiction to the past few weeks. This was good for Saun as today was important to remain healthy.

Materials are what Saun needed first. Saun and Teek arrived at the river after only twenty minutes of walking. It was just now that Saun turned back to Teek and noticed that he was still talking. Most of what he was saying had no meaning to it, but his tone seemingly gave it meaning. Saun shrugged at Teek as if to say, “I do not know what you are saying”, or even maybe, “I do not care what you are saying”.

The river was a large body of water that flowed downhill and became more and more narrow the further downhill one went. They were at a section of the river that was around fifteen or twenty times a normal adult’s height to get to the other side. Saun jumped in the water with his deerskin still on and began to wipe his face as if to wash off the sweat of contemplation. Teek followed his actions as if he was copying Saun movement by movement. Saun smiled at Teek for his humorous mockery and splashed water in his eyes. Teek returned the splash but was too slow, as Saun had already disappeared into the waters. “Where is he going?” thought Teek.

Saun quickly rose out of the water on the other side from Teek. Teek smiled at him and dove into the water after him. Saun looked around and began to take note of his environment, as if remembering this spot for future reference. He noticed on the side he had come from there was shrubbery and sand. There were not a great deal of trees from that side, most likely due to them being used as firewood. On the contrary side there were an abundance of trees, so many that one could only a short distance inwards. Saun looked up and prepared himself for obtaining his first material.

Teek popped up out of the water and looked at Saun. At this point within the water it was shallow enough that they could stand, but the water came up a little above their hips. “Stay here” Saun stated while pointing to his own feet. Saun then looked at the vines draped over him. There are vines like this all through this river that draped down from the trees. Saun pushed himself through the water towards the land where the trees began and seemingly never ended. Saun then easily climbed the tree continuing to go higher and higher. He then found a few stable and thick branches that headed out towards the water and easily followed them. At this point Saun looked down and was almost directly above him, just maybe four or so human adults length down from him. Teek looked at him with obvious confusion.

The water from Saun’s hair rolled down his face and seemingly dropped directly on to Teek. Saun grabbed a small knife from his strap on his leg that he had previously created from the leg bone of a deer. He then found very thin vine and hacked at it with his knife until it let lose and fell to the water. “Grab it!” yelled Saun. Teek understood and grabbed a part of the vine in order for it not to flow away. Saun repeated this action with a few more thin vines until he decided he was happy with the amount he had extracted. Saun then slowly slid down one of the thick vines until he had reached the water. Saun nodded at Teek in approval and grabbed half of the stack of vine. Saun then waved his hands at Teek in order to get his attention and then followed the vines down to the end. He then pushed them so they were all flat together in his hand and waved at Teek in order to repeat his actions. Teek mechanically repeated Saun’s actions again in a humorous mocking way. Saun again smiled and walked on, dragging his vines behind him.

They arrived at their hideout about twenty minutes later and laid their vines down. There hideout was very simple, a few trees that seemed to circle around a small circular empty area, seemingly closing it off like a private room. They created seats from wood and moved branches to make it comfortable for themselves. They were pretty sure that no one else had known about their hideout, but it was not very important to them if others did know. The only attachment they had to the place was more of a storage value. Anything that they found that might be useful they kept here. Teek had even found a hollow log, and he noticed if he pushed out sharp breaths through the top hole of the log, it would make an interesting sound. At first Teek sounded terrible, but within time he made that log become an instrument of relaxation for us. A key point in that journey of his was actually experimenting on the log by putting small holes in it. When Teek did this, Saun thought him crazy as to destroy such an instrument by putting holes in it, but Saun could not argue with the entrancing results.

They relaxed there and thought they might of even accidently fell asleep for a short period of time there. After a few stretches Saun was ready to continue his journey. He forced his body to stand up and Teek mirrored him smiling as if to beat this joke of the day to death. They walked back to the river and crossed it. This time Saun’s destination was beyond it. After a short walk beyond the river Saun stopped at a peculiar looking tree that must have only been two or three times of his own height. The tree was thick and very green and possessed incredibly large thick leaves that draped downwards. These leaves were so large they would have been suitable as a make shift blanket if one could not access any skins. Saun began his task at once peeling the base of the leaf branch off from the tree branch that held it. He laid the large bright green leaf that appeared to be full of moisture on the ground continued to go for another one. Teek caught on to his actions and joined in. After a decently sized pile of leaves was erected Saun smiled at Teek and said, “That is enough I think”. Teek understood and stopped while waiting for Saun’s further instruction.

They both carried the leaves back through the river and to their hideout together, only accidently dropping a few of them. If it was not too much trouble they were able to set the leaves down and go back for the stray leaf, but they managed to lose a few that were not worth going back for in the river, at risk of losing more leaves. Once they arrived they set the leaves down and Saun went straight to work, creating holes in the leaves at various calculated positions and feeding the vines through the newly created holes. The toughness of the vines made a solid structure but still was able to bend enough to mould how Saun desired. The thick leaves were also reacted exactly as Saun expected, and did not tear from the holes when molded into the desired shape that Saun was after. Teek stood and watched Saun with a puzzled look attempting to figure out what Saun’s desired outcome was.

Saun let out a sigh and stood up looking at the structure. It was a square structure that stood at about three adult hands wide and about one full adult high. The leaves enclosed all around the structure and it stood up by itself once Saun tied some rocks to its foundation. I stood thinking looking at the almost glowing green structure and smiled. Saun took out his knife and cut the leaves at the bottom of the base giving it a gap about two adult sized hands tall where nothing stood but the vines, holding it up with the rocks attached to it. Saun stuck his hand through the bottom and ensured that it was clear by his hand coming out of the other side. “It’s ready” Saun excitedly murmured.

Saun and Teek took the structure back to their cave. Upon entering the cave everyone that noticed him immediately stopped what they were doing to observe the odd structure and the strange boy that was directing this structure. He arrived at his sleeping area and tried to sit the structure upright within the cave, but it was a little too tall. Saun sighed and thought for a moment. He pointed at the base of the structure and Teek quickly held the base. Saun grabbed his knife and seized the top of his structure pushing it near the hole in the roof of the cave. He quickly and carefully cut away pieces of the top of the structure, slowly molding the structure tightly into the area below the hole. After some minutes of this, while being very careful in order not to break the vines or tear the leaves, the structure seemed to pop into place.

Some reason the structure looked marvelous in place. It appeared as the structure was in the center of the room even though this was the corner of the room. The bright green structure seemed to radiate the light through the entire cave and seemingly drew everyone to it. There was a great deal of commotion and people began to admire this structure. Within minutes there were even people that decided to get on their knees and bow to this structure. “The structure does seem magnificent, but it is nothing to be worshiped! It should perform a purpose and not be an object of ones spirituality. “No, no, no!” screamed Saun angrily. “Stop bowing, stop it now. You have not even seen what it can do; I have not even seen what it can do. There is no reason to even admire this structure yet. Stop it!” but Saun’s mutterings were useless, most appearing to think that he was making a speech about this great structure. More people were bowing and more of Saun’s patience was lost. He walked through the crowd exiting the cave.

Chapter 2

Saun paced forwards and backwards in the clearing directly outside of the cave. He attempted to shut off his sensory perception of the world in order to structure his thoughts more effectively.

“I think of an idea that could possibly help us progress as a society but the society ignores the real significance of the device and immediately views it as a vice in order to envelop themselves in a storm of mysticism? This could be a useful tool and tools like this could help our society to prosper. Why? Why would they bow down to this object before they even understand its usefulness? Do we bow down to our knives made from bone? Do we bow down to our fire that keeps us warm? No we do not. This could end up being a tool just like the others. Let me think, okay I need to stay calm. What will I do? I cannot go back into the cave because I refuse to observe these repulsive actions of my society. They will think differently once they see its usefulness, yes, that is it, but I need to show them its usefulness without observing their absurd behavior. That is it, I will wait till twilight and most likely everyone would have calmed down and will be eating. I will then go in there and light a fire under it and they will all be prepared to evacuate the cave and wait for the fire to be extinguished, but then they will realize that there is no need to evacuate. I guess this plan could work, but then I am putting all of my hope on the idea that it actually will work. What if it does not work? I will be ridiculed and laughed upon. I will just have to take the risk I guess? I really want to try this out.”

The twilight came and Saun had prepared some rocks to surround the fire, some wood, some small sticks, a few small dry leaves and a few fire-making tools all in a small bag made of deerskin. Earlier he had explained the plan to Teek as well as he could, and Teek seemed relieved to actually understand what the structure was created for. At one point in the conversation Teek actually pointed into the cave and performed a fake bow and laughed hysterically. It took Saun a few minutes to calm him down after that event, but eventually he explained his entire plan to Teek.

It was cold, which was a benefit to Saun considering this structure could help keep them warm. Saun and Teek strutted into the cave confidently. Most of the society was sitting down eating while the others were rubbing their hands together to keep warm. Their confident entrance stole the attentions of almost every soul within the cave and they paused to observe. Saun walked up in front of his structure and confidently sat down. Teek followed him and then overtook him and kneeled down in to the side of the structure. Teek slowly opened the deerskin bag and took out all of the rocks and created a circle under the structure with them. He then took out a small stick that had been bent and tied to a vine on both sides of the stick. This made this stick bow and gave it a small amount of tension. He then took out a stick about as thick a human finger and placed it beside him by the bow. Teek then took out the small sticks and placed them in the middle of the circle. He then took out the dry leaves and placed them near the small sticks. All remaining in the bag was about ten pieces of thick logs.

Saun observed intently focused on Teek. The reason why he requested Teek to light the fire is that Teek was amazing when it came to lighting a fire. He was smooth and elegant throughout the process all of the time; and this in addition to him being by far the fastest fire lighter in our society. He wanted this moment to be quick and painless without others having too much time to observe the structure without it actually performing its function.

Saun was not disappointed at all. Teek grabbed the stick lying beside the bow and raised the bow twisting the stick around the vine providing more tension in the bow. He now had a bow with a stick entangled around it. He then held both t he stick and the bow with one hand without losing its structure and rolled out the firewood from the bag beside him. He than used this bag to hold his stick in place, while allowing it to flow freely to turn it. This was Teek’s own invention and others refuse to use it claiming it is a dishonorable way to make a fire. Teek then lifted his stick and put it to one of the leaves under the structure. He quickly slid the bow forwards and backwards resulting in the stick quickly spinning forwards and backwards. Within fifteen or twenty seconds there was smoke and Teek quickly started to blow towards the leaves and the sticks. Ten seconds later he had a small flame that was growing. He then put down his tools and grabbed a log from his side. Once there was a decent flame Teek carefully placed the log near the flame. Within a minute the log was showing healthy signs of staying on fire, so Teek continued and placed more logs on the fire. Within thirty seconds they had a proper fire before them. Their audience had been watching with interest. Within a short period of time after the fire had been lighted the audience mechanically stood up, in order to evacuate do to lack of their ability to breathe.

Saun excitedly stood up and said, “No, you do not need to leave! Look at this! Don’t you see? This device catches most of the smoke from the fire, and you see above that device is a hole, and, don’t you see? The device rids this cave of most of the smoke. The smoke is what causes us to evacuate. Now we have rid ourselves of the smoke, so we do not have to evacuate! Don’t you see? Look at it!” Saun excitedly pointed at the smoke, and pointed upwards attempting to demonstrate how it works. His speech was seemed useless as most of his audience continued and exited the cave. There was a small portion of his audience that came forward and did not evacuate the cave. He continued and tried to explain how this structure works and most of his audience now either understood, or were just happy to be getting heat on this cold night. After the ordeal was over at least a small portion of the society understood what had been accomplished. He looked around and observed that most of those who stayed behind were children, a group which he himself belonged to.

In time the fire adequately heated the entire cave and made it very comfortable for those within it. Those that remained outside seemed to notice either the alluring heat coming from the cave or how people remained in the cave regardless of the fire. They stammered into the cave few by few and instantly noticed the incredible warmth and their ability to breathe not being hindered. Different groups of people came together and began telling stories and drawing pictures on the cave wall. At one point during the night the societies leader, Brock, stood in front of the chimney and nodded his head in approval. Everyone seemed happy this night and everyone slept better than they have ever slept on a winter night.

Two nights later, after their acceptance of this device, it caught on fire as most of the moisture had been extracted from the leaves. It caused panic and many evacuated the cave. Those who stayed ended up making it worse by throwing their deerskin clothes on to it, catching their clothes on fire as well. Eventually the fire spread to the food supply and destroyed what food they had in storage. By this time everyone was evacuated and all they could do was wait for the fire to go out, as everything in their cave and everything precious to them went up in flames.

Chapter 3

After the traumatic event occurred Saun stood outside the cave, looking at the smoke seemingly soaring out of the cave as if it were a flock of small birds hurrying to their next destination. Saun struggle to grasp what had actually taken place, but when he realized what it entailed he suddenly gasped. “This… This was from, from my structure. The structure that was created to redirect the smoke caused this. What could I of done wrong? I cannot believe this has happened.” Saun dejected while wearing a horrid expression on his face. The only option that appeared to Saun for the moment was to run, to flee his society. For the moment they seemed to be in a trance and seemed not to understand that it was his device that had caused the fire. But it was obvious to Saun that they would eventually find out and the consequences would be turbulent.

He sprung to his feet and darted through the dark clearing headed towards the uncharted direction of the society. This area remained uncharted because of the dangers it has caused in the past, specifically with adults being bitten by ferocious reptilian beast that was long without legs, usually resulting in their death. Since these horrid creatures did not infest the surrounding areas it just seemed natural for them to stay away from the area that the creatures inhabited. But at this moment it seemed most natural for Saun to be running directly into that area. He felt confident in his survival skills and felt safer there than he would feel within his society. This was the safest route for him because no one would attempt to track him or even accidently run into him.

When he passed the clearing he jumped over some shrubs and began to notice the environment change before his eyes. Before him were thick shrubs of a green tint spread out randomly through a large field. His conditioned feet were bare and he noticed the sharp pain with every leap that felt as a small bee sting caused by the untainted ground before him. There was no path for him to follow, but just an open field at his finger tips, without a clue where to go. He jumped over another shrub where he landed in some sand causing his foot to slip resulting in his knee being jolted out of place. He fell into a sitting position and massaged his injured knee. Saun looked around and caught his breath.

Behind him was his society, probably confused. It was obvious as to their location because of the smoke displaying its society flag above it. In front of him it was difficult to see for a distance as the location of the moon was not doing him much justice. Once his leg felt better he walked it off for a short time and then angled his body to face the moon. He then dropped on all fours and tilted his head towards the moon attempted to get what light he could from it to assist in his decision of where he should go next. After moving around for a minute or two on the ground, he just barely noticed how the field appeared to end in a distance and something of height, probably condensed trees took over. This was to be his next move and he started running again.

“I will keep running, and I will get to these trees in front of me. I will get there and I will take over. That body of land will be mine, and I will rule over it. I will be the leader of the animals and they will obey me upon command. I will be a just ruler and only command the animals to die for me, as I need food. I will not become obese and their suicides will not be in vain. They will rejoice at my name, yes they will scream “Saun, Saun! We love you!” at the tops of their voices and they will help me with anything I need. This society will be one of intelligence and will desire to learn and develop. We will end up being the future and we will have tools to perform any desired task. Yes, we will grow and grow and we will be the envy of all societies. We will be able to communicate and be able to explain to others what we mean…” Saun trailed off and became saddened by his thoughts. “It was true, if communication was more efficient then we could accomplish more. Every word we say feels like an emotion attempted to be expressed without the core of the feeling actually being understood by the other party. We try to accompany our sounds with body movements, but it is rare when someone actually understands it”. Saun’s mind trailed back to earlier that night.

“Grab the leaf and tear it off, then throw it on the dirt and let it burn itself out! Hurry! No don’t blow on it! Stop! You cannot get the fire out with a stick that has been in the fire with an ember on it! Stop it! We have water outside. Let us just go outside and grab that water and with that water we can at least put out the core fire, then we can take care of the small ones in another way! No! Please stop doing that, please…” After it had proven useless to Saun, he paced slowly outside while telling others to follow him, as they needed to evacuate.

As Saun ran he only seemed to notice the dark blurred shrubbery out of the corners of his eyes. His main focus in front of his eyes seemed to be nothing but his thoughts. “Yes, I understand that this is ultimately my fault. I was the one that created the device, and it was the object that caused the fire. But I cannot help to feel that the device is a good idea. Something is needed like this. It was of course the first of its kind and needs to be refined. But, I know that my society will only banish it forever and probably destroy me for being the creator of it. And some reason I feel that the situation could have been easily resolved if people just listened. Listening? Is that the key? Or is it just common sense that is needed? Why would someone try to put out a fire from an object that comes from a fire? That seems to me like trying to stop a flood with more water. What if common sense was used? Would I still be in this situation? Is common sense not common? Is the need to flourish and survive not in our nature? Are we a being that does not want to survive?”

As he woke he felt a sharp pain in his head. He raised his eyes and had to squint due to the bright light shining down on him as if he was on the receiving end of a rainbow. He raised his body and touched his head where the pain was coming from. He looked at his hand that had just wiped his head and blood covered his hand as if his hand was red instead of tan. He felt dizzy and was unsure if this dizziness had come from his injury or his sight of blood. He looked down and noticed a grey rock about half the size of his head lying in front of him covered with blood, his blood.

Saun checked the wound with his fingers to ensure that the wound was not currently bleeding. He was relieved to find that it was not, but the wound still did bother him. Many people from his society would end up dying from a wound like this. “At least the wound is still not bleeding, this means I at least have more time to live” Saun weighed. He observed behind him and he notice a shrub that had been indented in the middle. He deducted that while running he must have stepped directly on the shrub causing him to trip and fall directly on this rock, losing consciousness. “Consciousness? Is that what I had last night?” He understood his state of mind the previous night was a peculiar one and he decided to make use of his clear mind state while he still retained it.

He looked around and noticed that there was no longer smoke behind him. It was what appeared to be a bright morning and he noticed that he appeared quite far from his society. In front of him to a short distance stood flocks and flocks of trees that had a combination between dark green and bright green trees. These trees were extremely denser than the trees he had been used to. A spread of uneasiness spread through Saun’s bones, but at the same time a feeling of awkward excitement took over as if he had a new world to conquer. He began to walk until he reached the beginning of the forest. He looked up and became dizzy, forcing his body to fall back. He had never seen anything so high before. He was sure that birds did not even fly this high because if they did they would feel dizzy looking down on us. He pulled his eyes away from the tops of the trees and shook his head attempting to regain composure but instead swung his body around and vomited on to a shrub. He stood to his feet again and began to walk through the dense forest.

Saun was amazed at the sight of his newly discovered territory. Brown and green was all there was as far as his eyes could see. A large dark blue bird a little smaller than he had decided to distract him from his daze, and once it looked Saun up and down a few times, it flew away. Saun was dumbfounded with the magnificent view and noticed that he had stopped breathing. Saun forced a breath out and continued walking in search for water of some kind as he was becoming thirsty. He continued to walk in a seemingly straight line for some time hoping to stumble on to at least a stream of some kind. His head was throbbing and his feet were in pain. His knee felt as if it would fall off every step as the pain came back to him from the jolt the night before.

The twilight came and it became too much for Saun. Every step the view appeared exactly as the last. He was in pain and he was extremely thirsty. The air was evolving to a sharp chill and Saun collapsed in his next step. He was frustrated because he wanted to go on but could not. He turned on his back and looked up. Again he felt a little dizzy from the view of the seemingly unrealistically tall trees, but this time instead of making him feeling sickly it gave him a euphoric feeling. The temperature was lowering causing Saun’s body to shiver and he lay there beginning to lose hope for his survival. The dusk had now gone and darkness was slowly taking over his habitat. All he could do was lay on his back and look around, hoping for a miracle to occur.

Instead, the antithesis of a miracle occurred and a large reptilian beast slowly slithered into sight of Saun. It possessed a body width smaller than Saun, but only remotely. The length of the snake would easily make up for the difference in width. Saun could not find the end of this snake! Its colors were made up of a dark shiny blue and had a black zigzag traveling down its back. The size of its head alone was easily larger than Saun’s head. The snake slowly slithered nearing upon Sean and he suddenly relaxed.

“Yes, this is alright, I remember, I am the new ruler of this land. A reptilian beast like this will bow down to me and if I choose it to, will commit suicide to feed me. Maybe the beast has not heard that I am the new ruler here? I would tell it but I am so exhausted, I barely have the energy to breathe. No, I must. That would look terribly bad if the new ruler of these lands was killed by a simple beast just because the beast did not get the news about its new ruler” Saun excitedly thought in delirium.

Saun sighed and pushed himself up with his arms as if just this action was accomplishing an unimaginable feat. He sat on the backs of his heels for the moment, but he knew this was not good enough. The snake was advancing on him and he was not finished. He lazily slapped his knee as to tell it to not act up this time. The snake darted back as if it was unsure of what to think of the slap. Saun lifted himself up on to his knees and rose out his arms to the side as if he was showing the snake that he was much bigger than he actually was. The snake slowly advanced and was only a few paces away from him. Saun did not appear to even have a fragment of fear in him.

Saun looked around as if he was about to make a speech to the entire forest and then screamed with passion, “Behold all and be aware. I am your new ruler and you will obey me! I will lead us into a new era where we will develop this land and prosper as a society! We will not remain stagnant and we will learn from our mistakes to improve all around us! We will not disregard ideas because they are new or because they are not flawless to begin with! We will develop and grow until our ideas are flawless and then we can even then improve them to be more efficient! We, we, we will cease to be abstract and we will learn how to articulate our words and we will be understandable. Did you here that? I will be heard for what I say and I will be understood! All of you will understand me!” Thunder crashed in the background and seemingly shocked the whole forest. Saun retracted his arms and then extended them again as if he was making a very important point. “Did you here that? You will understand me, and you will bow down to me as your new ruler!” Thunder hit again and the snake lowered its head and turned around sprawling off in the opposite direction of Saun.

Saun kept his arms extended outwards and dropped his head down. At that moment another explosive thunder hit, accompanied by an extremely bright light very close to Saun. At an instant rain began to pour down with so much force, it pushed Saun down with his face flat to the ground. The dried blood on his forehead formed back into liquid and flowed away from his head.

Chapter 4

The sharp sound of a large flock of birds fleeing from the physical planes of the earth jolted Saun awake. There was a dry stale taste in his mouth and he felt dehydrated. He looked around and for an instant had no idea where he was. As his actions of leaving his society slowly came back to him he sat up. He was in a small clearing free from trees. He notice a few small mud puddles around him causing his thirst to entice him to drink directly from them. He decided to completely wake up before making such an erratic decision. He wiped his face and noticed an accumulation of dry and wet mud peeling on to his hand. His front deerskin shirt was completely covered in mud and he felt very dirty. The air felt warm to Saun, a sign that the winter was nearing its end, but he felt very cold. He quickly took of his shirt as soon as he noticed that it was soaked with water causing his chill. He looked at the shirt and noticed that the back of it was extremely wet but did not seem to be very dirty. At once he brought it to his mouth and began to suck on the shirt, absorbing the moisture into his dehydrated body. As he sucked he could recall no happier time then now as his thirst began to be quenched.

Saun was extremely happy that he was able to retain enough water to feel satisfied. He still desired to drink more water, but his body was content with what it had accumulated. He began to walk in search for a water source and a cave to lodge in. As he walked he began to recollect the previous night. “What happened? Was I dreaming? It felt like a dream. I remember walking and being very thirsty. I also remember something about a snake… a really large one with a head the same size as my own? That cannot be correct? Maybe my desire for thirst caused me to hallucinate.” As he walked he tripped over a small stone and fell to his hands. The sharp jolt seemingly assisted his memory to recollect the entire previous night. “I, I was natures leader? If that was a dream it was an extremely vivid dream.” He pushed himself up and peered ahead and suddenly was overcome with joy.

“It is a cave! It looks small from the outside, but I do not care, it is mine!” Saun hurriedly rushed past the bordering rocks and darted into the cave. “It is perfect. I only need to clear out the debris of plants and it will suit me fine.” The cave was about twice as tall as him and three times as wide. Saun understood that he could not stay here for much longer as he needed to find water, but he needed to mark this place as to not get lost. This cave was to be his hideout, his base. He noticed a large tree near the cave and there was a vine from one of its branches that draped itself down on to the top of the cave. Saun quickly jumped up a few large scattered rocks that were near his cave and arrived at the top of the cave. He slowly moved over to the vine and he tugged on it as to ensure that it would not break with weight added onto it.

Saun looked around in search for an item that would stand out in this repetitious forest. He noticed nothing and became frustrated. Every second he wasted here was another second he was without water. He took of his shirt and carefully observed it. “Yes” he thought, “this will work.” The front of his shirt was covered with red mud, except for a hook like impression on the shirt from where he landed on a root instead of the bare ground. He put his arm through one hole of the shirt and began to slowly and carefully climb the vine. He climbed about three times his sized and then carefully grabbed the shirt and began to tie it around the vine looping it through the same hole twice. He tightened it and quickly began to climb down the vine, as his muscles were quickly tiring. When he was about half of his height down to the top of the cave he was forced to throw himself of the vine as his muscles would not withstand another second on it.

He landed with his left foot forward on the top of the cave and it immediately began to collapse around his leg, causing his leg to be engulfed by the roof of the cave. The pieces of the roof broke off into many smaller rocks and scratched his leg as it fell into the cave. He paused in pain without moving and observed. Only a small portion of the roof had collapsed and he was able to retract his leg from the newly created hole in his roof. As he did he was a little shocked to bring back his leg covered with blood. He quickly hopped down the rocks returning to solid ground and began to scream. He screamed until his throat was sore and it was at this point that he cried.

When Saun woke he noticed that the sun beginning to lower itself on to the earth. He quickly stood up and immediately noticed the pain from scrapes on his leg. He was confident that they were not as bad as they looked so he forced himself to go on. He was able to walk but he was forced to favor his left leg while he walked. He needed to find water quickly. He suddenly remembered his sign that he placed in order to find his way back to the cave. He turned back and what he saw took his breath away. The sun shined on the clouds and reflected red throughout the sky, and in the middle of the cloud, stood his flag, waving forwards and backwards in the wind with a hook shape flowing to the right, proving that this land was his own.

It was now dark and Saun had been walking for what felt to him to be too long. At one stage he passed a tree in which bark that had fallen off of it and later on he passed it again, giving him the impression that he was moving in circles. He greatly regretted his outburst into tears as a great deal of moisture had left his body. From time to time Saun noticed rabbits hopping around and this in itself pleased Saun because he knew when the time came to obtain food that he would be able to at least eat rabbit. Just thinking of food then forced Saun’s stomach to rumble and his mind wonder. Back in the society he rarely went hungry and only once went thirsty.

“Those were some of the luxuries you get when you are living with a bunch of fools I guess.” Saun turned his head in surprise of his malicious comment. “I had never been so crude before, why am I starting now? Was there more underlying issues why I left? Do I secretly despise them or hold a great amount of contempt for them? If so, how is this contempt helping any type of progression? Are my actions really going the same directions as my values? Am I…” Saun trailed off without the ability to continue. He didn’t know how he could express this feeling for his society. It did not seem malicious to him nor did it seem respectful. Even though he had spent so much time trying to articulate his feelings, Saun was unable to articulate this abstraction he felt about them. He then kicked a branch out of the way without noticing the leaves under it. He slipped and fell hard on his right shoulder.

“Ouch! I need to get walking lessons from Teek. He is always so smooth with his actions. How can I live out here in the open if I cannot even walk properly? In a few days my knee will probably swell up, my cuts on my leg will turn green and my shoulder will be slanted aligned with my hips. Oh yeah, that is if I do not die of thirst or starve first.”

After Saun observed his situation he felt slightly embarrassed as he realized that there was little to no apparent damage that occurred to his shoulder. “At most”, he thought, “it will become a bruise”. It was at this moment that he realized that he could not go on. He needed sleep. He also needed water and food, but he could not go on looking for them without sleep. He looked around and noticed a tree in front of him and a small thin vine drooping down from it. It crawled along the ground for a while and he followed it shortly, crawling along on the ground. He grabbed his bone knife and cut so the vine had enough slack to drag along the ground for about his height. He then made a circle with the newly created end of the vine and tied the end off to hold the circle together, allowing the circle to free flow to become smaller when the main vine is pulled, and larger when it is pushed. It was far from his best work creating a snare, but he was desperate and what felt like no energy left. He then placed the snare near the tree and covered the vine with dirt and leaves in order to keep the noose upright. With the last drop of energy he had, he forced himself to roll away on his side approximately six paces away from his trap and fell asleep.

A flat body of water stood frozen in time directly in front of Saun. The body of water was as if it had an invisible wall holding it in place and this made Saun uncomfortable as if it could be unfrozen at any time. A young boy stood on the other side of the wall within the water. He was naked and he had cuts all over him. At the same instance both boys lifted their hands as to ensure that they were not the one that was cut. They stare into the other’s eyes briefly as if to try and understand the other. Behind the boy inside the water, a malicious large group of people progressed on to the boy. Brock was in the middle of the group and he eyed the boy up in down as to prepare himself for a future action. The boy stood still squinting his eyes as if to make out Saun’s background more clearly. Brock stepped forward and Saun noticed a large bone knife in his hand. In a smooth quick burst Brock grabbed the boy’s long dark brown hair with his left hand and drove the knife into his neck. The boy continued to look back at Saun wearing a horrid expression of fear. Brock cut around the neck and eventually parted the boy’s head from his body. Brock sneered holding the head of the boy by the hair and the crowd behind him cheered. Brock then quickly threw the head of the boy directly at Saun. Saun stood in horror hoping that the wall of the water would be a barrier of some type. It was not and Saun turned around and covered his body with his hands. He heard a thud followed by a sliding noise and slowly turned around. The water was gone and he observed only blackness in all directions around him. He looked down and at his feet laid a head staring at him. Saun slowly lowered himself and grabbed the head with both of his hands and stared at the head in fright. The head’s brown eyes held a mournful expression on it. The eyes seemed too familiar to Saun, because they belonged to him.

Saun sharply woke from his dream and gasped. He looked around as half expecting his own head to be lying near him. He attempted to take control of his breathing in order to rid himself of this panic. It was dark and Saun needed water. Saun jumped back as he heard rustling nearby. He stood quietly and continued to listen. As he heard the rustling again he remembered his snare. “Maybe I caught something!” he exclaimed within his mind. He jumped towards the vine and followed it down to the end. A small rabbit had been caught in the noose and it was attempting to retreat but was unsuccessful as it’s neck had been caught within the trap.

Without wasting any time Saun followed the vine and grabbed the rabbit. He quickly broke its neck and pierced it with his knife, immediately drinking the blood that flowed out of the rabbit. He sucked it dry and created another wound to suck the blood out of. As Saun sucked, he mentally felt disgust but his body seemed to rejoice as if it was spared for a few more hours. Once the blood supply was exhausted he cut the rabbit into pieces and feasted on its raw flesh.

Saun wiped his mouth with his hands, and cleaned his hands with his deerskin pants. He stood up and looked ahead. Saun observed the spot where he fell in order to acquire what direction he was going in the previous day. As a sudden impulse Saun decided to go the opposite direction in which he was heading the previous day. He remembered how he had reasons to believe that he may have been traveling in circles, and somehow felt that this direction was the correct one. He started off only looking back for a second to nod to the rabbit bones as if thanking it for its life in return for his own.

After a long time of walking Saun began to lose hope. He was once again thirsty and still desired food. He slowed down as to make the gesture of hopelessness. His body collapsed on the ground and he sat crossing his legs. He looked before him and it was he observed the sun attempting to push its way out of the distant ground. Light began to bounce off seemingly every surface in the forest and Saun noticed the area before him seemed to be a clearing. As the sun continued to rise, it slowly presented Saun with a gift as the distant lake in front of him began to reflect the sun’s light. Saun continued to sit and watch the sunrise as if to say “Thank you” to it.

Chapter 5

The events of the previous night confused Teek and now he was unsure as to the fate of his dearest friend, Saun. Teek recollected the previous night when he stared at his fleeing friend dumbfounded and unsure what to make of the situation. He knew that the chimney was the cause of the fire, but he never considered that his society would react with malicious vengeance towards a soul with such pure intensions. Hostility was very apparent in the air and Teek was the target. The adults figured since the creator of the chimney was not present that Teek was the nearest outlet to vent their frustration. As they passionately vocalized their unintelligible words, Teek remained indifferent as to not give his aggressors the satisfaction of being able to extract even the least bit of emotion from him. Teek now understood as to why Saun had fled. “They would be after blood”, thought Teek dismally.

Teek turned around from the mob of citizens who were yelling unintelligibly at him and began to slowly walk away out of the clearing in front of the cave, but before Teek was able to escape, Brock suddenly stood in front of him. Brock was a large muscular man with long black hair that had clumped together permanently from lack of washing it. Brock stood at him looking at Teek directly in his eyes. Brock’s eye color was a malicious brown and at first Teek was tempted to look away, but he stood strong and his irregular colored eyes seemed to reflect back at Brocks. Brock responded as if Teek’s blue eyes were a mirror and his own hostility was reflected directly back at him. Brock quickly looked away from Teek and walked away, flailing his arms displaying his frustration for all to see.

As Teek walked destined towards the river, he thought of Saun and hoped his health was sound. Sound was the most Teek could hope for with Saun’s health, as he knew that difficult conditions existed in the uncharted territory. Teek looked back and now felt confident that no one had been following him, so he changed his course and headed directly to his and Saun’s hideout. He knew he had to take some kind of action, but at the present he was unsure what that action would consist of.

When Teek arrived to his hideout, he was startled when he saw a young girl of eight winters sitting directly in the middle of the base. The way the sun reflected off of her at this moment made Teek feel as if she had always belonged here, just like a string had always belonged on a bow. She had long straight brown hair that seemed as if she washed it every day. She slightly repositioned her small petite body to face Teek and looked at him with her very large brown eyes. “Her eyes portrayed that of a young wolf that had followed you home because it’s mother had just been killed and it expected you to be its new mother” Teek threw out, lost in thought with his rolling his eyes back into the back right side of his head. He shook his head as to snap himself out of his deep contemplation in result accidently flinging a small amount of water off of his light brown hair that had been oddly parted from the side. The hair then returned in front of one of his eyes and he stated after a gasp, “Asheena, what are you doing here?”

She continued to stare at him and he did not expect a reply from her. Asheena had been mute ever since Teek could remember. After taking another short moment to himself he quickly turned and began to dig near a tree within the enclosure of trees. After a short period of digging he obtained a large object wrapped in deerskin. He unwrapped it and an elegantly crafted bow presented itself. It was basic and made from wood and a vine, but seemed to hold the perfect amount of tension. The trait that made this bow elegant was from the designs that were carved into it. From the top to the bottom, and the front to the back, the bow had carved lines that seemingly went in every direction, but somehow still felt like a pattern. The carvings were then filled in with blood and gave the bow a very lethal look to it. A cut of deerskin sat wrapped around the middle of the bow. Teek whipped the bow around his shoulder and grabbed one arrow from the pile of three. The arrows were made from straight sticks acting as the body and sharpened bone acting as the head.

Teek darted out of the hideout with his bow and arrow in hand and hastily walked towards the uncharted shrubbery. When Teek arrived he glanced behind him and noticed that Asheena had followed him and was quickly running towards him as to keep up with his long strides. He shook his head while slightly rolling his eyes and continued to walk into the shrubbery. After a short time of walking Teek perked up and turned to Asheena while holding his complete hand over his mouth as advising her to be quiet. Teek reflected at the gesture and felt embarrassed because he again realized that she was mute. He then sank behind a large shrub and waited. Asheena followed his actions and nodded. The time passed slowly for Asheena, and she was happy that at one stage Teek looked at her and smiled. Teek felt unaware of the time, as his mind had been contemplating the rise and the fall of the evil ant empire, an empire in which ants attempted to take over the cricket empire and use them as slaves, but in the end failed. It was midday before Teek spotted a boar, but when he did he swiftly lifted his bow, loaded his arrow, nodded his head to the side as to advise Asheena to look away, and fired the arrow directly into the eye of the boar.

As they headed back to the hideout Teek carried the boar dragging behind him, which was tied up by the neck with a long vine. Happily skipping behind the boar was Asheena. When they reached the hideout Teek quickly buried the bow again and dug at another spot within the enclosed trees. He pulled out another deerskin cover and obtained a hollow piece of wood about the size of his arm that had been modified with holes and bent in odd directions at the top. He handed the clarinet to Asheena and said, “Hey, can you carry this back for me? You see I have this boar to carry and I don’t want to accidently break the instrument.” He grabbed a twig off of the ground and snapped it near her face as if to show her how delicate this instrument is. She nodded and Teek smiled. Asheena happily returned the smile.

When they arrived back to the cave everyone still appeared to be in a state of blind stupor. They walked around the clearing in front of the cave as if they are doomed to die. Teek pulled the boar to the middle of the clearing and walked to the side of the clearing and sat down on a log expecting Asheena to do the same, but she was not to be found. At first it sounded like whispers but eventually they grew to sighs of relief and a few joyful outbursts. Boar was a rare delicacy within the society and every time they had boar, the celebrated. Teek knew that boar was not rare, but only rarely left the uncharted shrubbery.

As the twilight set the smoke spread everywhere carrying with it the pleasant smell of the boars burning flesh. Teek did not move from his spot on the log, but instead used the log to prop up his shoulders and head while the rest of his body lay on the dark brown dirt below him. Asheena walked over to him with his clarinet in hand and sat beside him on the log. She handed him his clarinet while repositioning her body directly in front of Teek so that he would need to reposition his body in order not to look directly at her. She smiled and opened her mouth and a petite rush of breath ran through her lungs causing a small noise to come out of her mouth. She smiled again and wiped off a smudge of dirt from Teek’s brow. She then hopped up on both of her legs and walked towards the cooking boar.

Teek sat a little confused but then shrugged it off with the slight chill of the wind that blew in his direction. A short time later Asheena returned to him with a poorly crafted clay bowl with enough meat for the both of them. They sat there and ate alone, taking in the transformation from light to dark. In the middle of the clearing were happy cheers and joyful screams coming from the rest of the society, sitting so close to each other that they would touch if they moved slightly. After the society had dined, they began to sing together with Brock the obvious center of attention, each seemingly singing a different song but somehow still oddly coming together. After their singing came to a close the society were showing distinct signs of sleepiness by stretching and yawning with many retreating to their sleeping spots within the cave. It was now dark and the air seemed silent. Teek remained with his head rested on the log and looked at Asheena. “Now is the best time for me to make my move”, Teek thought.

Teek readied his instrument and began to play, softly blowing into it while swapping his fingers naturally to cover holes and display holes on the front of the hollow log. The melody was that of sadness and despair. It floated through the air into the cave and sent a chill to everyone in it. The melody seemingly grew and take a life of its own seeming that Teek had lost control of his instrument because the hurt and sorrow that came out of it was much more then any one person could ever feel. Tears began to flow down Asheena’s cheeks and she dropped her head. It was such a tune that could break even the most confident of man down to a pile of rubble. As the instrument played, the sorrowfulness seemed to grow and grow. The society began to weep and every soul was facing the wet dirt in front of them. As the instrument played on it seemed to slowly progress to another mood, that of a sorrowful hope. It was a hope that one can see only if they close their eyes. The hope progressed and the tuned traveled through the air just as the cooking food traveled through the air. The tune was now a hope that only had aspects of sadness to it. As the time passed all that was noticeable with the tune was that of hope and admiration. A few citizens felt compelled to kneel from the demanding music in awe of some unknown presence that proved to be much greater than them. It was glorious and loud and every citizen held respect and admiration for something unknown to them. The progression of the melody again changed slightly to admiration with a little hostility. Eventually the admiration was replaced by sadness. The sadness and hostility rode side by side each other through ever note of the music giving mixed messages to the audience. At its peak a woman ran out of the cave towards the river screaming. The hostility was now fading and the pure sorrowful sadness was beginning again.

While wiping his tears from his cheeks, Brock walked over to Teek and grabbed the clarinet from him in two hands, being careful as if it were alive possessing functioning teeth, and forced it down on his knee, breaking the formal instrument in half, throwing it to the shrubs and walking away.


AMORIARIACKA IS MY NATIVE TONGUE | LANGUAGEARIA JAILBREAKIA
CC0 PUBLICKÁ DOMÁNIA | ALL LOVE RESERVED
